Good day
future players of the project revent roleplay
my name is visas and i am one of
the creators of the server also I will lead
video blog
to introduce you to
fashion functionality to tell
latest news and development plans in
This review will cover such systems.
like a player's panel store things boombox
and the trunk of vehicles will come to
him to manage game accounts or
server interaction is convenient
the menu which according to the standard can be caused
use alt + fast run or team
Profile in this panel can be viewed
their statistics and set up an account
just change password change
display the actions of the administration and
panel call changes to hot
keys
also the settings can change the text
ravyh
which will be displayed on the screen
The panel contains many useful features.
which you will see already on the server
let's go to the clothing store to
to diversify the appearance of the character you
can buy clothes on the body
each player's maximum is 4
Things to buy only
specialty store in
los santos
after trying the thing is preserved and when
subsequent visits will be dressing
automatically get rid edit
or remove the thing before you can mining
clauses or team clauses
and now i want to show you
boombox
any user can purchase it
in the network of shops 24 on 7
its inclusion use the boombox command
music plays for those who are
near the bombs as far as the sound
subsides re-seeing commands we can
remove radio stations
move on to the system
trunk of vehicles
car trunk can be stored 6
types of weapons not to remove weapons
in the trunk is required to stand next to him
and enter the gps command
A team in take this weapon can
pick up the police have
opportunity scour the story team
in from risk
For now, while all the mod will have
extensive functionality already in the following
reviews I will show more
more interesting systems stay with
us join the group register
on the forum
have you had visas with all the good day to
meeting